Rajkiya Engineering College (R.E.C.) Ambedkar Nagar was established by Government of Uttar Pradesh under special component plan in year 2010, the college has started offering B.Tech Programme in three disciplines – Information Technology (IT), Electrical Engineering (EE) and Civil Engineering (CE) with intake of 60 seats in each branches from the session 2010-11.
Rajkiya Engineering College, Ambedkar Nagar is one of the best and most reputable government engineering colleges in the state of Uttar Pradesh. REC Ambedkar Nagar has always been excelling both on the academic and the non-academic fronts. Rajkiya Engineering College, Ambedkar Nagar is an AICTE-approved government engineering college with a well-established library and labs. Every year a large number of students from the college clear the GATE exam and get placed into PSUs. 
The work of college construction started in October 2010 with a budget of 6213.81Lakh. The college was running in the campus of Kamla Nehru Institue of Technology, Sultanpur and has been shifted to its own campus at AmbedkarNagar in August 2012.
The college has started offering B.Tech. course in three disciplines- Information Technology, Electrical Engineering and Civil Engineering with intake of 60 seats in each branch from session 2010-2011.
Rajkiya Engineering College (REC), since inception in the year 2010, has reached new echelons in all areas of functionality showing positive growth trend in academic discourse over the years. The motive has always been to attain the global level of excellence in scientific and technical education, fostering research, innovation, leadership qualities and entrepreneurial attitude, contributing to the advancement of the society and mankind.
We at REC consistently provide an academic and social environment that stimulates academic excellence imbibed with cross cultural adaptability, flowering of soft skills and integration of human values & social concerns among students. In order to attain these multi facet objectives we have taken a number of steps aimed at developing the budding Engineers. This includes crafting of teaching learning modules in line with AKTU curriculum, floating of significant number of value-added programs on advanced knowledge domains and facilitating infrastructural support for incubation & innovative entrepreneurship. All these activities are effectively promulgated by highly qualified and well experienced faculties with high degree of precision.
Rajkiya Engineering College is committed to focus on cutting edge technology, innovations & creativity and hands on learning with an objective to convert the students from being job seekers to become job givers. In line with this philosophy, we act as a bridge between the students and various government organizations promoting entrepreneurial culture through their training programs, easy accessibility and funding support from time to time.
I strongly believe that with the kind of impeccable system and support REC provides, we shall continue to create benchmarks in pursuit of achieving academic excellence and shall soon emerge as a dream destination for Engineering aspirants. \nBest wishes !!! \nDr. G.Nalankilli \nDirector.
Department of information technology is the largest department of the Institute. It offers B.Tech. in Information technology. The Department is well equipped with high end computers, latest software & IT infrastructure. All computing resources are interconnected with high speed internet. The campus wide Networking facility is also managed by the department. The Department has a well-qualified faculty and several well equipped laboratories catering to the needs of not only the IT but also students from other departments. The Department has annual intake of 60 in B.Tech. Information Technology.
Civil Engineering is a traditional branch of Engineering and was amongst the founding courses when the institution was started. This is the one of the best department of the college. The department has a well-qualified faculty and technical supporting staff. All the laboratories of the department are wellequipped with modern equipment. The Department has annual intake of 60 in B.Tech. Civil Engineering.
The Electrical Engineering Department is one of the best departments of the Institute. The field of Electrical Engineering is concerned with generation, transmission, distribution, control and utilization of electrical energy. Electricity and its applications also play a vital role in improving living conditions of the people and powering many different industries. The Department is well equipped to train electrical students to advance their theoretical knowledge and sound practices of the profession. The department has a well-qualified faculty and technical supporting staff. All the laboratories of the department are well equipped with modern equipment. The Department has annual intake of 60 in B.Tech. Electrical Engineering.
Academic year consists of two semesters, namely the Odd Semester and the Even Semester, each having ordinarily, duration of 90 working days. All academic programmes of the Institute are administered according to the academic calendar issued by Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University.
The timings observed by the Institute for academic purposes are ordinarily from 9.00 A.M. to 5.00P.M. Any change in the timing is properly notified. No Notices are circulated in the class rooms. Students are advised to see the notice boards of their respective departments, administrative block, library, hostels, workshop etc regularly.
The Department of Information Technology was established in 2010 with an intake of 60 student. The department has highly qualified, committed and well experienced faculty members with varied specializations. The faculties are involved in organizing and participating in several seminars, conferences and workshops. They have also published research papers in various national and international journals, presented papers in conferences in India. Over the years, the department has become a center of excellence, providing in-depth technical knowledge and opportunities for innovation and research, with well-equipped computer facilities.
Information Technology Department is the first point of contact for the campus community by supporting telephone, computing, networking, and applications. IT Department is dedicated to facilitate and enhance teaching, learning, and administrative services and to increase the productivity and efficiency using information technology resources.
To be center of excellence in technical higher education, research, and support services, capable of making significant contribution to individual and societal empowerment.
To be centre of excellence in the information technology which will produce globally competent engineers with the moral values and technical skills for the betterment of the society.
The department of Electrical Engineering at Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar offers a vibrant environment for undergraduate education in Electrical Engineering Established in 2010. the Department of Electrical Engineering is actively engaged in teaching and research. With modern laboratories and excellent members of faculty.
The under graduate programme provides the students with a strong background in the broad areas of Electrical Engineering, namely, communication technology, control technology, electronics, and power & energy. A strong exposure to state-of-the-art technologies is further provided through elective courses that are carefully designed for the interested students.
Civil Engineering is the art of directing the sources of power in nature for the use and convenience of man, for improvement of quality of life. The theory and practice of civil engineering is basically applied in the construction of Buildings & Structures, roads, bridges, aqueducts, canals, river navigation ports, docks and harbours.
At REC, Ambedkarnagar, B.Tech Courses in Civil Engineering is offered with intake capacity of 60 .The goal of department is to produce high quality technical manpower needed by industry, R&D organizations, and academic institutions and above all to meet the engineering needs of the nation.
The Department also encourages its students to engage in extra-curricular and co-curricular activities, essential for development, nurturing of team spirit, developing organizational skills and inculcating good moral values and positive work culture.
Department of Applied Sciences and Humanities is one of the indispensable departments of Rajkiya Engineering College(REC) Ambedkar Nagar. Department imparts excellent quality education in the area of Applied Science ( Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Environmental Science etc.) and Humanities ( Economics & Management, English etc.). The Department was established in 2010. Since then the department has been running to support the B.Tech Programme. The exponential growth of the department is itself a testimony of sincere efforts being put in by faculty members of the department.
The institute has full-fledged Training & Placement Cell headed by Dr. Sanjay Agarwal, Assistant Professor Electrical Department.The Training and Placement Officer (TPO) is run and managed by an efficient team of office staff and handles all aspects of placements at Rajkiya Engineering College (R.E.C.), Ambedkar Nagar.
Rajkiya Engineering College (R.E.C.), Ambedkar Nagar is a govt. aided college of State Government, affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University. The Institute mission is to produce professionally competent engineers by providing value-based and quality education to students and to make them adaptable to changing demands and requirements of the world.
The most frequently cited accolades from these organizations regarding our students include their ability to learn quickly, their versatility, their performance as team players, their excellent analytical skills, and most important the positive attitude that they bring to their jobs.
The institute offers campus placement for students graduating with Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech). Rajkiya Engineering College (R.E.C.), Ambedkar Nagar has good facilities for campus recruiters and we are pleased to make them available to the participating organizations. We welcome any suggestion from your organization that will help us realize our cherished goal of achieving the best match between the aspirations of the recruiting organizations and the abilities of our students.
Since the advent of this institution, REC has vision to provide quality technical education and act as a rostrum for scientific research, and a mission to develop human potential to its greatest degree. In accordance with this vision
REC has maintained an exemplary record of academic contribution for achieving excellence in teaching, research and governance. A sincere effort has now begun to restore the vantage position of REC as the top technological Institute in UP. The students of REC are a cherry picked group. They have been chosen through a process that makes REC one of the most privileged institutes to get an admission.
Training and Internship \n Training/Internship is part of the study curriculum of Rajkiya Engineering College (R.E.C.), Ambedkar Nagar. This training/internship can be offer to the pre final students of B.Tech.in the months of June-July in their sixth semester. These trainings help the students to gain practical knowledge of how stuffs work in the real world.
Apart from the academic, co-curricular and extracurricular activities, REC Ambedkar Nagar students are also take part in various fest coordinated and conducted by themselves under the able guidance of institute and faculty.
Rajkiya Engineering College provides “8” hostels for students, 2 hostels for girls and 5 hostels for boys. Rest 1 hostel is under construction and will be available for student in near future. There are single seater rooms, double seater rooms as well as triple seater rooms available for students. The entire campus is quite safe and secure. Entry to the campus is controlled by security staff at security gate itself.
Ragging is strictly prohibited as per the relevant directives of the Hon’ble Supreme Court, U.P. Government rules/orders and the directives of Uttar Pradesh Technical University Lucknow. Any Student found involved in ragging shall be suitably punished including FIR with the Police and expulsion from the Institute.
Guests are not allowed to stay in the hostel without prior permission of the warden. If this is not possible due to some unforeseen reasons, the arrival time of guest must be recorded in the visitor’s register placed in the hostel office and the Warden should be informed the next morning explaining reasons for the delay in obtaining permission.
REC Ambedkar Nagar is one of the best and reputable Government Engineering colleges of Uttar Pradesh. The College is a Government Institution which comes under the Uttar Pradesh Technical University. The Institute has AICTE and UGC approval. It was established by the Uttar Pradesh State Government in the year of 2010. Within the time period of less than six years, it has almost completed all its buildings and the many more hostels, playing grounds, gymnasium, auditorium, swimming pool etc. are under the construction. The college has a huge central library which includes thousands of books, hundreds of research papers, magazines, newspapers etc. The central library is fully air-conditioned. Students can go there at any time to enhance their knowledge. This is also a cyber library where hundreds of computer systems are placed. Students can find anything over there from all over the world to gather the knowledge. The college has many of Computer Labs for the Computer Science and Information Technology students where more than 500 computers are available for the students. The college has a huge Workshop for the Civil Engineering and Mechanical Engineering students. Bigger Labs for the Electrical Engineering and Electronics and Communication Engineering students are also there. Projectors are enabled in each and every classroom to make the classrooms much smarter and to make the Infrastructure more Hi-tech. There are many of Seminar Halls where Seminars are held at every Saturday and Sunday by the experts from the top most Institutes of India for the students of every course. Experts are called to make the students aware of the latest technologies around the world like Nano Technology, Robotics, Enhanced and latest Power Systems, Renewable Energy, Eco-friendly development, Alternative sources of Energies, Latest Programming in C, C++, HTML, Java, PHP, .net etc. Latest Android Technologies, Operating Systems and much more. Senior most students of the college take a common test on Basic Reasoning and General Aptitude on every Saturday for all the students and specific tests on the particular courses are also taken by the 4th year students of the respective branches to make the students active for the forthcoming Competitive Examination like GATE, CAT etc. Wi-Fi facility for 24 hours is available for the entire college. There is a huge R.O.(Reverse Osmosis) water plant in the college to provide the purest drinking water to each and every corner of the college. There is 24 hours Water and Electricity supply over entire college. There is a large gymnasium in the college to make the students healthy and fit where most of the students come in the morning to make themselves fit and active. A huge Sports playground is also there in the college which makes the students play different sports at the same time. Students come at evening and play different - different games like Football, Volleyball, Handball, Basketball, Bat-Minton, Cricket, Rugby etc. Separate sections are there for Athletics and Indore Games. A swimming pool is there in the college which makes students fresh and enthusiastic after an adequate swimming in it. There is Hi-tech mess in every hostel taking care of the hygiene and quality food. There are much more good things about the college which can not be described by just only words. So overall this college is a very good choice for the students who are seeking admission in the Engineering Course.
Rajkiya Engineering College, Ambedkar Nagar was established in year 2010 and is located in Ambedkar Nagar, Uttar Pradesh. It offers courses at UG and Doctorate levels with highly experienced faculty in Full Time mode. Approved by the AICTE, the institute offers multiple courses such as B.E. / B.Tech and Ph.D. courses. Furthermore, it offers several specialisations in the fields of Science and Engineering. Rajkiya Engineering College, Ambedkar Nagar offers these courses within the range of INR 1,78,300-1,96,500 with the intent to provide education at highly affordable fees. The institute offers 184 seats, encouraging more candidates to gain knowledge and enhance their skills.
Rajkiya Engineering College, Ambedkar Nagar Placements,UG Degree (4 year) : In year 2017-18, for 4 year UG Degree, a total of 187 students were admitted at Rajkiya Engineering College, Ambedkar Nagar and 189 completed their graduation in 2020-21. Out of 189 students 13 were placed with median salary of INR 336000 and 9 students opted for higher studies. A total of 177 students were admitted in year 2018-19 for 4 year UG degree at Rajkiya Engineering College, Ambedkar Nagarand 191 completed their graduation in 2021-22. Out of 191 students 82 were placed with median salary of INR 1000000 and 12 students opted for higher studies.
If we talk about the placements there is, we can say average placement record. On an average it goes to INR 4 lacs per annum of placement. The highest package in 2023 is INR 7.5 LPA in TCS digital. Most of the students get placed on INR 3.5 to 4 LPA on an average, no doubt if you work hard you will get placed.
The infrastructure of the academic building is good. In academic block there is a good facility of labs as Machine learning lab, autocat lab and also different labs are there for civil department also. 2. Second, if we talk about campus there is a good environment.
Faculty is awesome maximum of them hold Ph.D. degrees and there teaching method is also very amazing. The syllabus is described by AKTU University. The semester exams are not really very tough, the passing criteria is above 33 percent. The written exam is of 100 marks and 50 marks for internals.
Placement is very hard for students in our college; the percentage rate of getting placed is almost about 30% in the IT branch, whereas in other branches it is quite low or almost nothing, honestly. (3.4 LPA to 9 LPA). Companies like Wipro, TCS, etc., visit, but none get internships here; you have to find one yourself from anywhere.
Not a very large campus, but being a state government college, it is the best. Wi-Fi is available; labs are not as good as top colleges, but sufficient labs are available. Mess facilities are available in every hostel, and there are sports and other councils where you can explore. Medical facility: Around 500 m near to Government City Hospital.
In our Electrical Engineering branch, the faculty are very experienced; most have done their PhDs from top colleges in India. Faculty will always help you with your projects if you are dedicated. Lecture and attendance: As this college is affiliated with AKTU University, 75% attendance is mandatory. Semester examination: You have to score at least 40 percent overall in a single subject; 30 percent marks will have to be scored in external examinations in each subject.
Our college provides very fewer placement opportunities for our course. Placements are average for information technology and electrical engineering courses. The highest salary package offered in 2022 was 8.5 LPA. The placement rate is less because of covid
The infrastructure of our college is average. Labs are good. Classrooms are well-maintained. Our college has many labs and their materials. The campus is small. The hostel facility is good. There are separate hostels for every year's students.
Faculty members are good. We have permanent and guest faculty members. They are helpful. The teaching quality is average. Our course makes students industry-ready.
If we talk about the placements there is, we can say average placement record. On an average it goes to INR 4 lacs per annum of placement. The highest package in 2023 is INR 7.5 LPA in TCS digital. Most of the students get placed on INR 3.5 to 4 LPA on an average, no doubt if you work hard you will get placed.
Our college is the best in all aspects among all RECs. I am pursuing a B.Tech in information technology, which is the best branch among the three. The campus distribution is not much good. It needs a proper place and design to construct the building. In our college, the sports fest is the Kshitiz and the cultural fest is Avighna, which are held annually but after covid, they are not conducted.
REC has different blocks allotted for various academic activities which include co-curricular and extra co-curricular activities. Apart from hostels, REC has admin block, a SAC (Student Activity Center), REC playing courts, Academic block, various engineering labs like Mechanics lab and Workshops which consist of various shops like welding, foundry, carpentry, etc. that are generally included in engineering syllabuses across the country. Many of the labs like networking, Java and various Information Technology Department labs are located in academic blocks. The college consists of a number of canteens for students and faculties.
Currently here only three courses are available for undergraduate i.e. B.Tech in Information Technology, Civil engineering, Electrical engineering. Well equipped lab for respective branches in first year. Nowadays if you wants to take admission in this college then you have to give JEE main exam after this have to apply for UPTAC counseling which is open for All India students, approx 85 percent seats are reserved for state candidate the most rated program of this college is B.Tech in Information technology. Motive Your B.Tech is complete in low budget in comparison to any private college.
REC Ambedkar Nagar is government college, as per my knowledge it is one of the best college among all Rajkiya Engineering College, although its location is not in city but far better than any other Rajkiya Engineering College, from past few year every year lots of student has Qualified for GATE, this year one of our senior got Air 7 in gate exam, here faculties are little bit strict regarding academic, 75 percent attendance is must to sit in class test as well as in semester exam. Facilities are rated to be 4 out of 5. Faculty are supportive if you are interested in Studies. Also in few subject you have to face trouble and you have to manage it. Campus area is not so vast and also not proper playground is available specially if you are Football player. Mess food is Ok type and ratings for mess food is 3.5 out of 5. In the First year every room is three searer, filter water is available for drinking, hot water facility is available in winter season.
Currently here only three courses are available for undergraduate i.e. B.Tech in Information Technology, Civil engineering, Electrical engineering. Well equipped lab for respective branches in first year. Nowadays if you wants to take admission in this college then you have to give JEE main exam after this have to apply for UPTAC counseling which is open for All India students, approx 85 percent seats are reserved for state candidate the most rated program of this college is B.Tech in Information technology. Motive Your B.Tech is complete in low budget in comparison to any private college.