Rajkiya Engineering College has a spacious, well-equipped, and fully automated library with 50,000 books consisting of both Indian and Foreign authors and board journal volumes. 
The institute currently has presently 3 Boys’ hostels to accommodate at least 540 male students and 1 Girls’ Hostel for 180 female students. Each hostel has its mess facility and other amenities. 
Rajkiya Engineering College offers sports facilities to the students with well-equipped playgrounds including Badminton Court and Volleyball Court. 
The institute has 1 large canteen in the hostel as well as on the main campus to serve the students. 
The college has a 52-seat deluxe bus for the students for their local journey and out-station educational tours. 
Well as we all know if you want to become a man you should do engineering because it teaches you the more ways of survival and provide you the ideas of innovation. Bachelor of technology is not just a course it is the best 4 years of your life in which you have to learn more things
Facilities are awesome, but they are underutilised. Our college needs a more vibrant environment as the government teachers are very inactive in the college. They are not considering your opinion and imposing their opinion in a new as usual. All of them are very egoistic mindset-driven people.
The hostel and mess facility is average. Wi-Fi facility is available in the hostel and the campus. The library is very good and most books are available there. There is one canteen in the college which provide hygienic food. The overall experience is very good.
Our college has a moderate level of infrastructure. But the major issue is Wi-Fi. Library timing is 9.00 AM - 5.00 PM. Laboratories are well-equipped. The food served in the mess is moderate. Classrooms provide digital boards. There are no medical facilities in this college.
Our library is big and attractive with a huge collection of books. The infrastructure of our college is not well-developed. It is under construction, the work is in progress for five years. Our college provides all the required facilities. Various labs are available for various subjects. Wi-Fi facility is available round the clock. Hostel facilities are provided for both boys and girls. Food served in the hostel mess is good.
The hostel Life is very good and we do not feel bored here. The hostel is like our home. The college having all the facilities that the college must have Various labs are there for various subjects and its big library also attracts the students. The college held annual function time to time. The all time Wi-Fi facility is also there! The same facilities are also there in the hostels for both boys and girls. The food quality is also okay.
Campus and hostel are good with a large number of trees and plants. Our college provides all the facilities like various labs for various subjects and a big library that attract students. Wi-Fi facility is available. Hostels are provided for both boys and girls with the same facilities. Food quality is good with various food items.
Our college tries to fully focus on its students. Infrastructure is not very well developed, the work is in progress since five years. All the facilities are provided like various labs for various subjects and a big library that attract students. Wi-Fi facility is available. Hostels are provided for both boys and girls with good facilities. Food quality is very good like in restaurants.
This college have well infrastructure and hostel also very well maintained with Wi-Fi facility available, Library also have in campus, gymnasium facility for all students are available, playground for playing outdoor games are well maintained, smart classrooms etc. Facilities are available in this college .
The infrastructure of our college is good. Students get fresh air on campus. Our campus is surrounded by lush green fields. We can see the sunrise in the dawn and sunset in the dusk. Wi-Fi is available with a secured password, but you'll be able to access it. Students get fresh air on campus. Our labs are good. Students can do practicals of every experiment. The library is one of the most fascinating places in our college. I am residing in the Abdul Kalam hostel, which is the best hostel in our college in terms of facilities. The food served in the mess is average. The canteen is not much spacious. They provide limited food items. Our college provides good sports facilities, and you'll be able to practice your sport.
In this college Information Technology is the best branch of the college and I have an interest in computer and coding and development also all the faculty members are well qualified to hold Ph.D. degrees from IITs and NITs here every 5 students there is 1 professor so think this is good ratio of the faculty and student. We have two mid sem exams and one semester.
Wi-Fi labs are awesome in all way. Facilities and faculty are literally awesome in all way. Medical facility, sports, games and mess canteen are so well. We can interact to all the facility easily and they are more easily accessible. I like my college a lot in all the manners.
1. The infrastructure of the academic building is good. In academic block there is a good facility of labs as Machine learning lab, autocat lab and also different labs are there for civil department also. 2. Second, if we talk about campus there is a good environment.
The room are good and there is enough space In 1st year only three students share a single room Wifi facilities are available in college and hostel both Registration process for hostel is easy and it begins with your admission process.
Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar offers many facilities to the students, faculty and staff. REC Ambedkar Nagar facilities include residential facilities, sports facilities, cafeteria, auditorium, library, transportation facilities, and many other facilities. The institute provides separate hostels for boys and girls. The library of the institute provides students with many academic resources to help them with their academics. Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar facilities also include various sports infrastructure. The institute also has a canteen facility that provides healthy and nutritious meals to the students, faculty and staff. The auditorium is used for organising events and functions. A modern IT infrastructure is also part of REC Ambedkar Nagar campus facilities and 24 hours internet facility is also provided by the institute. Medical facilities are provided by the health centre on campus. High-speed internet connectivity is also provided by the institute. Details of Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar facilities are given below.
REC Ambedkar Nagar facilities include a library. The library has many textbooks, reference books, journals, magazines, e-books, CDs, DVDs and other academic resources. The library is fully computerised by the institute. NPTEL video courses are conducted by the library of the institute.
If you are thinking about the collection of this library then let me tell you that you are not going to get anything other than the books recommended by AKTU for your branch. Everyone visits library only for the reading room and I think this is one of the most productive places of this college as you can come here to study peacefully but the college administration has very poor management skills as the timings for library are only 9 am - 5 pm and guess what that are your college timings too so I have no idea what do they expect from their students.
Well if you have limited funds to invest in your B.tech then this College is is for you.
before joining the college you must consider that the college is situated in a rural area so don't expect lots of facilities here.
For PLACEMENT don't expect anything great from the college sometimes they give you placement but with the average salary and sometimes there is no company so just be focused on yourself and be dependent on yourself don't depend on college.
REC Ambedkar Nagar Hostel facilities are easily available for student. For first year each room is accommodate by three students Gandhi hostel is provided for first year boys. Little time Restriction is here to go out of the hostel entry Must be close before 8 PM. Hot water facility is available in winter, filter water.
Truly speaking Infrastructure is not so good as like private Institute. But interior of building is ok you can say it is average. Maximum three storeys building available here. You have to use stairs for going to top to bottom of building; no lift facility is available here. Little bit greenery is available in our campus flower plants are planted for decoration Goddess Saraswati temple is here also Canteen available here.
REC Ambedkar Nagar Campus life is average in terms of Chilling. For newly admitted student induction Program is run where you can enjoy crafts, music, game etc along with few classes in the morning. Average intake is of 180 student per year so aprox 700 student are in campus few technical and Cultural events are happened every year, clubs are not Active so much but student activity Centre are there where you can enjoy indoor games like carrom, chess table Tennis etc.