The institute has a total of 46 extraordinary faculties who not only help students in achieving their academic goals but also make them able to conquer the real world and face the actual life that they are going to encounter once they graduate from the institute. All the faculties have completed their M.Tech / Ph.D. from reputed institutes like IITs, NITs, IITs, JNU, and many more. A total of 72% of the faculty members are either pursuing or holding a Ph.D.
The teachers are well qualified. They help students in every area like project work, internships, etc. The semester exams are moderate and most students get good marks which helps the students to get good marks in semester exams. There are very interactive sessions held on the campus.
The faculty of the college is very experienced and have good knowledge about the subject. For making students industry ready once there is ntpc Tanda visit. Semester exams are conducted by AKTU and paper is easy but the checking is very hard and the pass % is nearly 60%.
The faculty of our college is very good and highly educated and have great knowledge of their respective subject. Exam conducted in our college by the AKTU. Faculty solves personally the problem of students in their subjects. The passing percentage was 40 percent.
The teachers are very helpful and their way of teaching is amazing. They are highly qualified as they have done Ph.D. The quality of their teaching is amazing. The curriculum is very relevant to every competitive exams. The semester exams are hard for the students who don't study and easy for those who study well.
Semester exams are scheduled by AKTU, and internal exams are scheduled by this college. Faculty members are supportive. IT and electrical branch is NBA accredited in 2021. Some teachers do not complete their syllabus on time, and they focus on attendance.
The exams are held twice a year and the level is moderate. The college is full of expert faculty members and ranking is on the top in U. P. for its faculty members. The teachers try to give all other information to students that they can. This will helps students in Semester exams as well as in competitive exams too.
Our teachers are good. They provide you with knowledge related to the course curriculum. A few teachers are very helpful. They will guide you until you got settled in your life like prince Rajpoot sir. The course curriculum is not good. You'll get bored while studying it, and it doesn't make you industry-ready. Students have to fight for it. Semester exams provide a good challenge in our college.
Very educated faculty. I am very satisfied with the facilities at my college. I am never left with my doubt unanswered. Also, the practical knowledge for the students is very well provided. The professors are friendly with the students which are very advantageous.
The course curriculum is all based on the Aktu syllabus I've chosen IT because of my interest. The faculty ratio is good you'll get enough time to interact with your professors. Class tests are very frequent they are generally held after 4 weeks of teaching.
Faculty is awesome maximum of them hold Ph.D. degrees and there teaching method is also very amazing. The syllabus is described by AKTU University. The semester exams are not really very tough, the passing criteria is above 33 percent. The written exam is of 100 marks and 50 marks for internals.
Faculty members are good. Lots of them are PhD holder in their respective field from reputed Institute few of them are M.Tech holder. Some of faculty teaching style is awesome and very few faculty style teaching is very boring even student come to take class only to maintain seventy five percent attendance.