Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar has a constantly working training and placement cell. Training and Internships are a part of the curriculum of REC, Ambedkar Nagar which are offered to the students of pre-final years in their sixth semester. The training helps the students get exposure to the real world and technical knowledge. The recruiting partners of Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar include Wipro Technologies, Accenture, HCL, Mindtree, CEBS Worldwide, Infosys, Allerin Technologies, and many more.
Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar Placements has a placement cell that handles overall placement activities. According to NIRF 2024 report, a total of 179 students graduated from Rajkiya Engineering College Ambedkar Nagar, out of which 22 students got placed during the placement drives. The REC Ambedkar Nagar median salary package offered to the students was Rs 4.00 lakhs.
REC Ambedkar Nagar placement cell provides students to improve academic training, experimental skills and research aptitude, after the 6th semester students undergo summer internships which give students an idea about industrial work and lifestyle. Also, REC Ambedkar Nagar placement cell provides various workshops and training sessions to the students. The details of the REC Ambedkar Nagar placement process are given below.     
Yes there is placement Cell at REC Ambedkar Nagar and it is helpful for student few mass recruited companies visit at our Institute like TCS, Wipro etc whose ctc is approx 3.5 lakhs and this year one of our senior grab 8.5 lakhs.
If we talk about the placements there is, we can say average placement record. On an average it goes to INR 4 lacs per annum of placement. The highest package in 2023 is INR 7.5 LPA in TCS digital. Most of the students get placed on INR 3.5 to 4 LPA on an average, no doubt if you work hard you will get placed.
Placement is very hard for students in our college; the percentage rate of getting placed is almost about 30% in the IT branch, whereas in other branches it is quite low or almost nothing, honestly. (3.4 LPA to 9 LPA). Companies like Wipro, TCS, etc., visit, but none get internships here; you have to find one yourself from anywhere.
This is rajkiya engineering college, ambedkar Nagar. There are 3 department in my college as Information Technology, Civil Engineering and Electrical Engineering. Nearly 90% students are being placed at there. The highest pack is 10 lacks, average package is 4 Lacs and the lowest package is 3 lacks. Top recruiting companies are Wipro, TDS etc.80% of students got opportunity to be got a internship.
At least 60 to 70 percentage student get placed at company. The highest placement of the is approximately 7Lpa and the lowest placement is approximately 4 LPA and the average package is approximately 4 LPA so very good placement according to average college. TCs and Wipro two major recruiter companies.
The placement is so good in college the highest package offered in college was 12 lacks and the average package was 3.75 lacks. Teachers are very helpful and ready to help the students. And many students are trying to qualify for the GATE exams so the college GATE record was also good.
Our college provides average placements. Almost 80% of students got placed in our college. On-campus placements offer a salary package of 4 LPA - 5 LPA. Off-campus placements offer a salary package of 7 LPA - 9 LPA. Many companies visit our college to recruit students. Top recruiting companies are Wipro and TCS. Many companies which are not mass recruiters also visit our college to recruit students.
The highest package offered is 8 to 10 LPA and the lowest package is 3-5 LPA. The 70 percent students are placed in every year in most popular companies like Wipro, Infosys etc. In my course it sector job offered by tpo of college.
About more than half of the students got placed in the college. The highest package is about 10-15 LPA and the average package is around 5-6 LPA. Top recruiting companies are Wipro, TCS, etc. Wipro is the mass recruiting company in our college. Students who have skills and apply for any internship are basically off campus. They will get an opportunity to grave any internship in any company.
Students who take admission in our college work very hard to get placed in various companies like Tata and TCS. The highest salary package offered is 45 LPA for CSE students, and the students of other branches focus on core companies.
Our college tries its best to place the students. Students work very hard to get placed in various companies like Wipro, TCS, and Tata. The avaerage salary package offered was 4.9 LPA for Information Technology students.
Our college provides placements only IT branch. Other branch placements are very rare. The average salary package offered is 3.5 LPA. Many students are placed in Wipro or TCS. Other branch students focus on other exams. If students are IT, then they will be placed.
If we talk about the placements there is, we can say average placement record. On an average it goes to INR 4 lacs per annum of placement. The highest package in 2023 is INR 7.5 LPA in TCS digital. Most of the students get placed on INR 3.5 to 4 LPA on an average, no doubt if you work hard you will get placed.